Update China Network DNS supporting both Full and Partial (#15605)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/china-network/get-started.md

    * Customer and company name.
    * Domain name.
    * ICP license/filing number.

>     * A general description of the content of each domain. E.g. Marketing website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * A general description of the content of each domain (for example, `Marketing website`).
```
